what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy and today we're taking a look at
Rocksmith the authentic guitar game for
your PlayStation 3 it's also available
for your Xbox 360 or PC retails for
around 79 bucks and the claim to fame
here is the ability to plug a proper
electric guitar with a quarter inch plug
into your console or PC now the reason
you might want to do that is to become a
better player this is not your parents
guitar lessons isn't the kind of thing
they try to enroll you in to learn I
mean it's supposed to be more
interactive a little more fun a little
bit more competitive so maybe just maybe
you become a rock star just kidding but
anyways the first thing you're going to
notice are some decals some little
stickers that go along the neck of your
guitar now I assume that these stickers
are going to make following instructions
via the game a little bit easier now in
the game case along back you're going to
notice there are a couple of different
gameplay styles as well as a number of
different effects that you can choose
there's over 50 current and classic
songs you can see here everything from
Radiohead to Nirvana to something newer
like the Black Keys etc I'm sure you're
going to find something you want to play
on there now it also features a
split-screen multiplayer mode so you can
get it on with your pals so as you
notice here one to two players only
takes up a little bit of hard disk space
and it's only 720p a little bit of a
drawback not major that should be fine
so let's go ahead take a look inside the
game case and see if there's anything
unexpected or if it's bog-standard while
the game disk is pretty standard just
straight black matte black finish and
then we've got our manual and a little
bit more paperwork on the left-hand side
now this is not exactly a full-featured
manual just a couple of pages here in
French and English but I'm assuming this
game is going to have a pretty nice
tutorial attached with it it's going to
have to because it's it's unorthodox
unusual for a video game they're going
to have to tell you how to get
everything connected how to get it up
and running and how to how to play I'm
hoping at least because I don't know at
this moment so here's this poster like
page that says before you get started
gives you a couple of different
interfacing options the best you can see
on the far left they want separate audio
going out to your home theater system so
you can get better audio of course this
game is going to be audio heavy and then
your HDMI cable into your TV the better
situation not the best but the better
situation is component cables and of
course the worst is just going into your
TV with no audio system there they're
not happy about television audio they
want better quality so even though some
TVs these days have decent speakers so
here is where the magic happens this is
the cable that converts your quarter
inch guitar connector into a USB that
your console can understand there's a
little module in in the line there it's
a pretty long cable I'd say about ten
feet so you could be a little distance
from the console and still rock on if
you know what I'm saying so anyway guys
if you enjoyed this content then
hopefully you can like and favorite this
video if you want to see me plug this
thing in and play it and figure it all
out let me know down in the comments as
well and if you haven't checked out the
new website yet please go ahead and do
that it's unbox therapy com I'm doing a
lot of work over there I'm going to be
adding some some cool features and
aren't even there yet so if you haven't
checked it out yet please come and do so
I'll put a link right down in the
description anyway guys as always want
to thank you for watching and I'll see
you on the next one alright later